These are notes that describe the software script_vtk.txt

This script loops throught the various bbc subjects in order to process their vtk files
In order to call my fortran the script sets up three files 
1) f.vtk which is the main fiber bundle that Jeff gave me
2) base.vtk is the floor model that is used to define the lower floor
3) aal_motor.vtk is the ceiling model used in readfiber_binaryb.f

So once the script prepares these three files for each subject and for each type of fiber bundle,
then the software takes the files and quantifies the number of fibers that survive the inclusion which means that need 
to reach the floor and reach the ceiling.

There is also a script called script_vtk_corpus_callosum.sh which is used to process vtk files that
have a seed point in the corpus callosum.  In this case the floor and ceiling at the same file which is
the aal_motor.vtk file because the fibers in the corpus callosum go from the one side of the cortex to the other left/right side
of the cortex after passing through the corpus callosum.  These fibers form a rib-cage type of appearance as they go from one side of the cortex
to the other side.  These files could be useful in detecting subtle changes in the corpus callosum fiber tracts
 due to white matter connectivity abnormalities.  

fortran program called makeone.f is used to take the output from one of the script_vtk scripts 
and convert it into a file with one row per test so that the identifying ID text is on the same line
with the other numerical output quantifications.  When the script first outputs a file there is one
row for the identifier and one row for the quantification numbers.  This new output file can then
be converted to an excel file for viewing.

script script_vtk_withchannels_dec21_2016.sh is a script to test dti fiber vtk files to see if
they pass through the entrance door and pass through the exit door and also pass through the channel which doors and channels are all slicer
compatible models.   This script calls fortran readfiber_withchannels.f to process the vtk file.
The fortran program test to see how close the fiber vtk files comes to each of the doors and channel and there is a threshold
set which can be easily changed for how close the fiber needs to come in mm to the door or channel in to called it a pass through.


